added clear message of the data encoded by using float32array (#25878)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/analysernode/getfloattimedomaindata/index.md

{{ APIRef("Web Audio API") }}

> The **`getFloatTimeDomainData()`** method of the {{ domxref("AnalyserNode") }} Interface copies the current waveform, or time-domain, data into a {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} (the time-domain data is encoded in `f32` format with the amplitude of samples in [-1:1]) array passed into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`getFloatTimeDomainData()`** method of the {{ domxref("AnalyserNode") }} Interface copies the current waveform, or time-domain, data into a {{jsxref("Float32Array")}} array passed into it. Each array value is a _sample_, the magnitude of the signal at a particular time.
```
